c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.pdb
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.pdb
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DAL.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DomainModel.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DAL.pdb
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DomainModel.pdb
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe.config
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe
c:\users\almed_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard.DAL\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe.config
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.pdb
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.exe
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.pdb
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DAL.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DomainModel.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EtfDashboard.DomainModel.pdb
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\almed_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EtfDashboard\EtfDashboard.TestDAL\obj\Debug\EtfDashboard.TestDAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
